---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
### Vicky Brasseur's Talk
Vicky's slides were very catchy and informative simultaneously. I was really motivated by her. She described the importance and
power of the FOSS project. She told us how we can contribute to different projects by assuming we already know the 4 freedoms
of open source projects.
* Run the software for any purpose
* Study how the program works
* Redistribute and make copies so you can help your neighbor
* Improve the program and release your improvements to the public so the whole community benefits
She goes on to saying that not many people who contribute to OpenSource Projects, know the definition of open source which
was surprising.
1. Free redistribute                                   
1. Source Code
1. Derived work
1. Integrity of the Author's code
1. No discrimination against Persons or Groups
1. No discrimination against fields of endeavor
1. Distribution of license
1. License must not be specific to a product
1. License must not restrict other software
1. License must be technology neutral
I truly believe that the 4 Freedoms and the definition of Open Source needs to be spread more since it will add professionalism
in the contributors.
### Tasks
There are some tasks that I would like to work on.
* [Reducing the image size](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/issues/87)
* [Changing the width of the Plicy box](https://github.com/GSA/digitalgov.gov/issues/1725)
* [Incorrect sorting orderof Data Quality Score](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/issues/192)
The government is really thinking about the community when it comes to code reuse. Thye introduced their platform so companies 
can reuse code to save money and increase quality.
### [2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19)
I would not contribute to this project since it does not have a license file, contributing file and code of conduct file but If it did have those I would contribute to this project since the data maintainers provide are very beneficial for the community.
### Project
This wee I made little progress since I was moving to a dfferent location and had to pack my stuff up. I tried to troubleshoot the [issue](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/issues/472) we chose and found where the problem is. So hoepfully, next week, my group will have a meeting and we will all try to fix the issues.
