---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### Project
I tried installing Inkscape on my laptop, but there were so many problems that I was facing. First, it told me that Inkscape did not support MacOs, then I looked around and found the instructions for downloading it on Linux and Windows. So I launched an EC2 instance on AWS, where I was using the free tier AMI. And after configuring the EC2, it told me that an advanced AMI is needed since the free tier AMI does not support that much of memory. I had to get rid of the instance. Then I installed Windows on VirtualBox and ran it first on Command Prompt then on Powershell. To my surprise, it didn't work there either. After some researching, I found out that it could be installed using bash, so I installed bash on Windows, and after around 4 hours it started working. Keisuki helped me with it while Matthew was working on one of the issues. Afterwards, we all started working on that issue. Later on, we decided we should fix the documentation and we are going to edit Readme because Readme is so vague and the maintainers do not specify which operating system those instructions work on. I looked into it and those instructions are only for Ubuntu and not for Windows. Then later on, I installed Ubuntu on Virtual Box and it took around 4 hours to install it on MAC and it started working. Coming over to the issues, our team had a meeting where all of us had an issue in mind. I said that we should work on [this issue](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/issues/474), Matthew said we should work on [this issue](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/issues/475) and Keisuki decided we should work on [this issue](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/issues/472).

### Kevin Fleming's Visit
The visit by Kevin was very intriguing. I learned a lot about Open Source and how people working in real world environment use open source to get their work done. The idea of open source is very fascinating itself, with people contributing to other projects and it depends on them whether they want to or not. Kevin really answered a lot of my questions I had about open source, such as how the code is deployed in the environment. He claimed there is a process and for each process, he uses different tools such as Jenkins for Devops, Python for Quant and computing and so on. Overall, the visit was very fascinating and informative

### Contributions
This week I made 2 contributions to Wikipedia Edit. One to the article about current prime minister of Slovaia Igor Matovic and another to an article called Open Source.
