---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


### Open Source is Not About You
I read Open Source is Not About You and was really fascinated about how the author is describing Open Source. “If you have expectations (of others) that aren't being met, those expectations are your own responsibility. You are responsible for your own needs. If you want things, make them.” I really like this idea that if a project does not meet your requirements all the way, you can simply contribute to it and add features according to your need which in the future could be other people’s need.One thing I like about the article is that the author is quite honest about how the community contributes and budgeting of the project. He claims that the community does not need to contribute, it’s up to them, whether they want to contribute or not. He also states that most of the contributors contribute without properly adding features such as description and documentation. Overall, I found the article quite intriguing and I got to understand a little more about contributing to the project.

### [Inkscape](https://gitlab.com/inkscape)
I was looking arount inkscape and explored a little bit of that project since not only I am new to contributing but also new to picture editing project. My first step was looking at [Inkscape Docs](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-docs)and looked at [manuals](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-docs/manuals) where I looked at there "Hoe do I join", where they describe how a beginner can contribute to the project and also  "Who do I need to know beofre I start editing away?" where they describe who to ask about major changes to the project. Next week, I will try to look at some issues and some them with my team mates.
### Contributions
I made contribution ot Openstreet Map where I added a restaurant and also edited wikipedia page for Babur Ahmad
