---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---
### Open Source Company?
I would love to work for an Open Source Company for the following reasons:
* knowledge: you can learn from more experience programmers and you can learn new technologies - ones that you aren’t 
usually exposed it.
* experience: similar to knowledge, but slightly different in that it could give you something you can use as a showcase 
of your work. 
* fame: again somewhat related to the first two but slightly different in that working on an open source Compnay could 
make you well known and a subject expert in a particular domain or technology.
* libraries: when you work for an open source compnay it is often reuseable because you need the code to use on your 
“daytime” project. This means, you don't have to write a code from scratch and reuse the code available on an open source platform.
* potential: perhaps the open source library can provide you with money in the future. You could offer support contracts 
to businesses, or find a way to add a paid-for feature. This is a tried and tested business model for open source projects.
* fun: doing something exciting, new or cool with your friends.
* community: open source communities can be awesome - it’s like finding a new group of friends with like minded interests. 
For some people who haven’t found this IRL, this can be something special. And you can make friends in other parts of the 
world too (find out about other cultures and even go visit them).
* fulfilment: being well respected in a community can bring a sense of fulfilment and definitely will drive some people to 
contribute more.
* charity: perhaps the open source project  done by the company is used by NGOs or other charitable organizations, and this just makes you happy!
### Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?
According to the articel, Open Source Election Technology (OSET) Institute is working on an article that will make election 
administration easier. "The project is developing an open, adaptable, flexible, full-featured, and innovative elections 
technology platform called ElectOS. It will support all aspects of elections administration and voting, including creating, 
marking, casting, and counting ballots and managing all back-office functions". According to the article, during the election
in Mississippi, an inciddent was caught on camera where the machine malfunctioned and whil the civilian was voting for Bill 
Waller, it automatically it to his opponent, Tate Reeves. Voting Machines are quite old and there is a high possibility that 
it will malfunction. Thats where Open Source comes into rescue, with the open source porject under development by OSET, every 
vote would be counteed as it was cast and save time, money and re-election.
### Musings on business models for open source software
I believe  Tom had a quite an interesting approach in categorizing the business models for software companies such as 
consultancies and subscription offerings. He also has a fascinating hypothesis, "I also suspect that with time (and success), 
open source code will emerge to replace the  proprietary bits in the open core model, eliminating their value to customers....I 
am left wondering if customers purchasing proprietary offerings from open core vendors would still be willing to do so if the 
entire offering was open source. My experience (and my instincts) tell me that they would, but one could argue that the lack of 
“pure open source” companies in the marketplace disagrees.". I also believe that open source code would replace proprietary 
bits because why would they prefer proprietary over open source code.








