---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---
### Project
This Week, we have made quite some progress. We did a video call on discord and we modified the documentation on [INSTALL.MD](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape/-/blob/master/INSTALL.md). We modified instructions on the file since the instructions were very vague and had little instructions on what OS those instructions were for. Additionally, we modified [README](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/blob/master/README) for inkscape web since there were very little instructions for installing it on your machine. Also, they did not mention that installing it on [Mac was not possible](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/blob/master/utils/init) so we had to add that to the readme file as well. After modifying the file we decided not to merge it yet since Keisuki wanted to share the repository he forked for inkscape web. After he shared it with us, we pulled the merge request and are waiting from the response from the maintainers. Moreover, we have been working of [this issue](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/issues/472) and hoping to make progress by next week.
### Gil Yehuda's Visit.
Gil Yehuda's visit to our class was very interesting. It felt like he was very enthusiastic about letting us know his Knowledge of Open Source. He was very informative and motivational when he said that they best practice that a student especially those who are about to graduate can do is contributing to Open Source projects since it validates their skills and lets maintainers accept your work. He was a great motivational speaker as well. When he said that a violinist was asked how is he so talented, he simply responded by saying he practices 14 hours a day. The point he was trying to make was that no one was born talented. But it depends on you whether you want to be talented or not by working hard and doing what you love the most.
###  Folding@Home's Covid19 Activity
This article was very informative about the COVID19 virus whih keeps on spreading all across the world. It starts off by talking about proteins as how important they are for a human body and how viruses also contain proteins.They are basically trying to build the antidote for the viurs and asking for us to download Folding@home so that they can run simulations. As they said "Each simulation you run is like buying a lottery ticket. The more tickets we buy, the better our chances of hitting the jackpot". They also upload their data [online](https://osf.io/2h6p4/wiki/home/) where any one can con tribute to their research.

### Contributions
I made a couple of contributions this week. I read Money Heist and Kingdom series' information on wikipedia. Everything looked accurate but there were a couple of typos that I fixed and made changes to. Links can be found on my [contributions.md](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/umarkhan207322405-weekly/blob/gh-pages/contributions.md) file. Moreover, I edited Elijah's and Keisuki's blog. They had a couple of typos that i fixed and pulled a merge request to.
