---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


### Remote Learning/My Reaction
Personally, I do not like the idea of remote learning because I am unable to focus taking classes online. I feel different since I'm at home and it's my comfort zone; class is a different scenario since you get the vibe to learn and the environment makes me feel like I need to learn. Though I am still trying to grasp this situation because last week I had to stock up since the resources are depleting and I doubt we would be able to leave our houses in 4 weeks. By 8 weeks, I can think of 2 scenarios; optimistically speaking, the cure would have been found and the government would have started distributing it. Pessimistically speaking, we would have completely drained out all the resources and water would be going scarce, population would be decreasing drastically and people would fear to talk to each other.

### Project
Honestly speaking, I did not do much of contribution to the project this week because there hasn't been much of interaction between us teammates; though we have exchanged phone numbers and Keisuki added me to slack so we could chat on what needs to be done regarding the project. We basically threw our ideas to each other and in the end decided that we will basically do a remote session where we would try to solve an issue. Next week hopefully, we will fix an issue and but before that I have a task of finding issues that all 3 of us would be comfortable working on. I did some research and i believe [this issue](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inbox/-/issues/2085) might be something my team would be willing to work on.

### Contributions
I contributed to 2 of my fellow teammates who had typos in their blogs and i also contributed to OpenStreet Maps.
