---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
### Inkscape
I made a lot of progress this past week. To be honest, we only did 2 merge requests which included one for keisuki, 
where he did a lot of research regarding dependencies and made a pull request [here](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-ci-docker/-/merge_requests/9) 
and it got merged. We decided to do some more merge requests since me and Matthew believed we did not contributje muc hto his 
research. We found an issue where the Forum board description was not big enough and we decided to work on that. After a day 
we solveed the issue and pulled the merge request by asking Keisuki to make it which can be found [here](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape-web/-/merge_requests/70)
which you can see got merged. Later on, I did some more research and made 2 more merge requests which I will take about during the 
presentation.
### Thoughts on "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert
The blog was quite interesting. There were some things that I did not like and others taht I did like.Buytaert claims that 
"There are three models for scaling and sustaining Open Source projects: self-governance, privatization, and centralization. 
All three models aim to reduce coordination failures, but require Open Source communities to embrace forms of monitoring, 
rewards and sanctions. While this thinking is controversial, it is supported by decades of research in adjacent fields". 
Although I agree with centralization I dont agree with self governance and privatization. I agree that the companies can or 
can not make their projects open source but that depends on them. However, if a company has a license which clearly startes 
that the code can be reused, then there is no point of prioritizing privatization. Same goes for self-governance, if the 
project is open source it can be self governed or not depends on the maintainers and the company as to whether the company 
wants it to be self sustained."Making it easier to grow and sustain Open Source businesses is the last hurdle that prevents 
Open Source from taking over the world. I'd like to see every technology company become an Open Source company. Today, 
Open Source companies are still extremely rare." I truly agree with him in this part since Open Source businesses can grow 
and sustain and help others to grow.
